[Rocprof-systems]: Enable KFD event tracing support (#4036)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-systems/CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - KFD (Kernel Fusion Driver) event tracing support to capture page faults, page migrations, queue evictions, GPU unmap events, and dropped events via `ROCPROFSYS_ROCM_DOMAINS=kfd_events`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kernel Fusion Driver (KFD) event tracing support to capture page faults, page migrations, queue evictions, GPU unmap events, and dropped events. This is enabled by adding `ROCPROFSYS_ROCM_DOMAINS=kfd_events` to the environment variable.
```

> - Kernel Fusion Driver (KFD) event tracing support to capture page faults, page migrations, queue evictions, GPU unmap events, and dropped events. This is enabled by adding `ROCPROFSYS_ROCM_DOMAINS=kfd_events` to the environment variable.

Reviewer 2: Should the CHANGELOGS also note that there is a ROCProfiler-SDK >= 1.2.1 dependency?

Author: I updated this please have a look to see if the wording looks fine.
